a mobile responsive website for students week 2026 , that should be the title and all . It shouldn't use neon green, just a dark green color, and obsidian black for the main background, and it depicts a star in the background that is moving and responsive and extremely interactive. So there's going to be a user page, which is the first page. That user page is where every user is migrated to or visiting the site at first. Nothing else. And in that user page, there's a place where they can... the first, you have to input their names and then the table number where they are in. And once the input that they can put it together, make it there to the next page where they select the vendors they want to order from. And then when they select the vendors that are navigated to the menu for those vendors where they can see the different dishes that are available, there are different main dishes. And all this stuff will be set in the admin dashboard and can be edited at all times. We are going to use Neon's database for this. So there are main dishes which can be set under the main dishes, now they can select the type of the main dish they want. And once they select the type of main dish they want, they... or they can select sides and selects proteins too. But you can only select one of each, and that can be set in the admin dashboard if the size... if they can select multiple sides, then they can... the maximum number of sides they are allowed to select, that should be set in the admin dashboard too. And also, if a side is complementary, like, it automatically comes with the mail, the order that it should also be set and... or... so that is basically it. And then in the admin dashboard, they should obviously be able to view the orders live once it's sent in so they can easily cool and give them their orders and all the and see the names, the table number, and the exact meals that they ordered for that. And, also, there should also be a place in the admin dashboard where they can see each seat number that they set that is programmed. They they themselves will set the seat number. And then automatically, when an order is placed matching that seat number, it is set under the seat number so that they can... it is set under the seat number so that they can easily know all the orders and all the people that place orders on that particular table so they can go and set them there. And it should be... anyway, that's all the six numbers now. In the user dashboard, when they are inputting their six number, it should be more like a search bar that searches the six number and displays it to them so to avoid cases of unknown six number. So they search in their six numbers and indicate it if that is their seat number. That way, it should be easier to manage, and they can also... there, they can input the main dishes, the types of main dishes, and the sides that come with them. No no need for descriptions or anything. Just keep it simple. They show the dishes names and the and how does those like that. And then by this side of the names, there will be an image that the admins can upload showing the... a picture if they want to. That's it.



NOTE AND VERY IMPORTANT IT SHOULD BE MADE EASILY DEPLOYABLE TO NETLIFY AND INDEPENDENT TO WORK THERE WIHTOUT ANY STRESS OR ERRORS WHATSOEVER